Convert docs to asciidoc (#112)
elastic/ecs-logging-java: docs/setup.asciidoc

[[setup]]
== Getting Started

[float]
[[setup-step-1]]
=== Step 1: Configure application logging

* <<setup-logback, Logback>> (default for Spring Boot)
* <<setup-log4j2, Log4j2>>
* <<setup-log4j, Log4j>>
* <<setup-jul, java.util.logging>>
* <<setup-jboss-logmanager, JBoss Log Manager>>

[float]
[[setup-step-2]]
=== Step 2: Enable APM log correlation (optional)
If you are using the Elastic APM Java agent,
set {apm-java-ref}/current/config-logging.html#config-enable-log-correlation[`enable_log_correlation`] to `true`.

[float]
[[setup-step-3]]
=== Step 3: Filebeat configuration

Configure your `filebeat.inputs` as follows:

[source,yml]
----
filebeat.inputs:
- type: log
  paths: /path/to/logs.json
  json.keys_under_root: true
  json.overwrite_keys: true

> # no further processing required, logs can directly be sent to Elasticsearch
> output.elasticsearch:
>   hosts: ["https://localhost:9200"]
> 
> # Or to Elastic cloud
> # Example:
> #cloud.id: "staging:dXMtZWFzdC0xLmF3cy5mb3VuZC5pbyRjZWM2ZjI2MWE3NGJmMjRjZTMzYmI4ODExYjg0Mjk0ZiRjNmMyY2E2ZDA0MjI0OWFmMGNjN2Q3YTllOTYyNTc0Mw=="
> #cloud.auth: "elastic:YOUR_PASSWORD"

Author: ```suggestion
# no further processing required, logs can directly be sent to Elastic Cloud
cloud.id: "staging:dXMtZWFzdC0xLmF3cy5mb3VuZC5pbyRjZWM2ZjI2MWE3NGJmMjRjZTMzYmI4ODExYjg0Mjk0ZiRjNmMyY2E2ZDA0MjI0OWFmMGNjN2Q3YTllOTYyNTc0Mw=="
cloud.auth: "elastic:YOUR_PASSWORD"

# Or to your local Elasticsearch cluster
#output.elasticsearch:
#  hosts: ["https://localhost:9200"]
```

[[setup]]
== Getting Started

[float]
[[setup-step-1]]
=== Step 1: Configure application logging

* <<setup-logback, Logback>> (default for Spring Boot)
* <<setup-log4j2, Log4j2>>
* <<setup-log4j, Log4j>>
* <<setup-jul, java.util.logging>>
* <<setup-jboss-logmanager, JBoss Log Manager>>

[float]
[[setup-step-2]]
=== Step 2: Enable APM log correlation (optional)
If you are using the Elastic APM Java agent,
set {apm-java-ref}/current/config-logging.html#config-enable-log-correlation[`enable_log_correlation`] to `true`.

[float]
[[setup-step-3]]
=== Step 3: Filebeat configuration

[float]
[[setup-filebeat-config]]

> ==== With `filebeat.yml` configuration file

Author: Right, I left out the deprecated Beats remote config way of configuring it that I had originally documented in the readme.md
